Ye Feifan is too much
You are the first goddess of war in the building
Even if they come out to hang out in person
I actually let you in this side hall
Enter the Taikoo Restricted Area
Suppressing countless murderers for ten thousand years
He's a bit proud to live here
But he
You are Ye Pingfan
Find me suitable
Pay attention to the way you speak
Standing in front of you
But the super powerhouse of Dragon Transformation Adversity
Help Daxia expand three thousand miles with her daughter
The first female wargod of Great Xia who destroyed the wargod of the six kingdoms
Then may I ask this female war god of the Flower Dragon Realm?
What can I do for you?
Dare to disrespect my adult
Introduce yourself
My name is Qin Jing
This time to the Taigu Forbidden Land
On the orders of my father, he came to travel for a wedding
Sir, you are a dragon sword expert
The first female god of war of Great Xia
strength
honorable status
This kind of dragon chair-like man
How can I deserve you?
Do you want to marry me or not?
This is a blind date arranged by my master for me
You're not in line yet
I have something to go to the next stop
Do it yourself
I don't think so
Marry him a little prison guard
Isn't it considered marriage?
Let's go to the lower middle
Xie Feifan, I married you.